ah
Hello fans of show legend I'm bea '
rubén and we are again to show you
obviously, which I am going to teach you a
25 million gold hack is very
well what I already tried it and then I
sent a friend who is called I want
I have the list is called ernesto mrn that
I send a greeting also to cris andrés
richer crowned that also lehman a
greeting and then good to see the first thing
let's do is go to what is the link
what to the description of the video that
let's go they are like 400 ads no no
it takes nothing ok
let's wait for all the
time the passage of time to
can use this hack that is very good
Well, much more questions asked me
talked and I've been asked for gems hack and
experience of obviously showing them what
which state was investigating for several
fonts and several groups pages
on the internet and by two other methods and not
I have found a check serve now
looking and I do not know why we're going to
find and so good to see let's go
what is this is going to lead us to this
page and we do not have to wait for that
time that is here ok will send us
what is up read and post for the
five last five seconds that we're going to
give here
5 hours of publicity and as you can see it is not going to
send to this sea page the most of
okay
and we're going to take it
is the sea page as often as if
they want to register here they have their
youtube channel and here is your page
I like it so they can give me
like here it does not come but I already gave it to me
like and we can give it here when I go
pass the five insurance do not know here
continue and well he's going to send us
what is the jaco that we will not like
in which we introduce tribe and session and
of ok let's see here show us
laws to the mother in blank and
let's see was this one of frame does not open
a pop-up window where we're going to
copy and we're going to paste it here ok now
for sessions and liters that again
in the part of the control sheet
efe efe 3 as you want and we have
wanted to declare session
session the new brand what is the
we are going to copy it
so we paste it ok let's create with
6 control and we will send ok as you see
I had 30 million euros if you
they noticed I had 30 million
hours now they have to give me 45
millions of euros
about 45 to 55 million gold that we're going to
wait takes a little while to load the
Data sometimes and that sometimes no longer
depends on how the network is saturated
it's ok because if it does not work them
I recommend going in later ok ok you know
that if two possible ways for their
five sums as you see I have the 55
millions of gold ok and then if you want
you can increase your gold more then we are going to
see here click hilfer shape form to
that unlocks us what is another and another
time
the envoy that we are going to give here others of
roster
and as you see it unlocks first before
nothing because I think it will vary
let's visit someone the oven
we come back and I already have 55
millions
the 55 million stretch of this thing from
now ok other
then we introduce grains or facebook
and station and from and we will send it ok
close this and we will wait for them to come out
the now nations remain 50 130 80
gold million ok now we have to
they have 80 minutes a bar because it counts
with 225 million gold waiting for us
missing a little peak with this
another thing that you have to tell them
thanks for the support they sent what
is going up skyplays gameplays that
I'm going to keep going up much more and there's
a new modality in sky wars that
came out recently
in which
it's similar to sky wars but here what
fun is that now you can be
Sky wars equipment as it is sunny
so basically I'm going to upload a
video to see you as as
what is the team sky wars and is very
Well, soon it will go up and then come as
come and we have our 80 million
condeor forgiveness
of food there is a hack to climb
previously and I recommend you use
what works perfectly
I hope you liked it, do not forget
subscribe to the like and thanks for everything
goodbye